# Fine delay for PandABox2
- [Pull Request](https://github.com/PandABlocks/PandABlocks-FPGA/pull/264)
- `oct_finedelay` was first tested with cocotb (see dev-tests) and later in
  hardware with an oscilloscope.
- 3 clocks are needed:
    - Main clock (125MHz) from MMCM (source clock from PS).
    - Clock 4x (500MHz) from PLL needed for wide delays, this must be
      generated by the same MMCM that generated the main clock to reduce clock
      skew and jitter.
    - Ref clock (300MHz) coming from PS, we use this instead of clock 4x
      (which is within range) because this clock is locked before the FPGA is
      loaded and this simplifies the reset sequence of the IDELAYCTRL/ODELAYE3.
- We use 2 concatenated mechanisms:
    - Wide delay using 4x clock and ODDR to achieve 1/8 tick resolution.
    ODELAY in time mode (voltage-temperature compensated), the tap resolution
    is between 2.1ps and 12ps (in my test-bench was 3.6ps).

- A new module was added to use the fine delay in LVDS outputs and this
module was instanciated on the target PandABox2.
This was tested on a ST1 board by sweeping the delays and confirming with
an Oscilloscope. The sweep script can be found under scripts folder.
Test pins are: LVDSOUT1 -> IO1\_D2\_P, IO1\_D3\_N, LVDSOUT2 -> IO1\_D4\_P, IO1\_D5\_N

- If the 2 LVDS pins are in different nibble or byte, the IDELAYCTRL is
  replicated under the hood (and the RDY signal ANDed), if you need to
  instanciate separate ones, you need ugly constraints setting LOC, e.g.
  `set_property -dict {LOC BITSLICE_CONTROL_X0Y3} [get_cells -hierarchical *idelayctrl* -filter {NAME =~ *GEN[0]*}]`

- We can't use HD bank IOs because of frequency limitation.
